The most important rule for courts when reading a will is to figure out what the person who wrote the will (the testator) wanted.  This idea should come mainly from the words in the will itself. The will should be read completely, without guessing what the person might have done if they knew more.  However, courts can and should consider more than just the words.  They must think about the situation around the will, like the testator's life, their family, and whether they probably used words in a certain way. It's like the court is putting itself "in the testator's armchair" to understand their point of view.  But all of this is just to help understand the will correctly and figure out what the words mean from the testator's perspective. Once the will is understood, the court must follow the testator's wishes as written.  The court can't add to the will or change what it says.  It must always follow the will as it's understood, no matter the person's background or beliefs.  If the will doesn't clearly say what happens to all the property, there's a suggestion that the testator wanted to avoid this. But this only applies if the will is unclear about what the testator wanted.  You can't change the meaning of clear words just to avoid this situation.  A Hindu man died, leaving behind his wife, a widowed daughter, and a married daughter (G). In his will, he gave his wife permission to adopt a son of G, if she had one, or a son of one of his nephews.  Section 4 of the will said that if his wife adopted G's son, all his property (except for the village of K, the house at I, and other property already given away in the will) would go to the adopted son. Section 5 said that his daughter N would have the right to use the village of K and the house at I for her lifetime. After she died, the property would go to his daughter G and her children, if they paid Rs. 5,000 to A, N's daughter. Later, in the part about adopting a nephew's son, section 13 said that N would have the right to use the village of K, as stated in section 5.  A nephew's son was adopted, and after N died, he sued G to get the village of K. He claimed that section 13 didn't say what would happen to the village after N's lifetime, so it should go to him as the testator's heir. The court decided that, reading the will as a whole, the testator didn't mean for the village K to go to the adopted son if a nephew's son was adopted. Instead, section 5 was meant to apply even in that situation, so the village went to G when N died. The High Court of Madras's decision was changed.