The Central Provinces and Berar Regulation of Manufacture of Bidis (Agricultural Purposes) Act, LXIV of 1948, was a law that existed when India's Constitution started. It said that a government official could set a time period as the farming season for certain villages. The law also said that this official could stop the making of bidis (Indian cigarettes) in those villages during that season.  The law also stated that people living in those villages could not make bidis during the farming season. Also, bidi makers could not hire anyone to make bidis during this season. A government official used this law to stop people in certain villages from making bidis during a specific time.  A bidi maker and one of their workers, who lived in one of these villages, asked the Supreme Court to step in. They argued that the law stopped them from freely doing their job, which the Constitution allows. They said the law was therefore invalid. The Court decided that the law's goal, which was to make sure there were enough workers for farming in areas where bidis were made, could have been achieved without completely banning bidi making. For example, they could have stopped farm workers from making bidis during the farming season.  Because the law didn't properly relate to its goal, it wasn't a "reasonable restriction" as allowed by the Constitution. So, the law was invalid.  The Court also said that even the part of the law that dealt with farm labor wasn't valid. The wording of the law was too broad. It could be used to create restrictions that the Constitution doesn't allow. Because the law could be used in ways that are against the Constitution, the entire law had to be considered invalid.  The term "reasonable restriction" means that any limits on someone's freedom should not be unfair or too extreme. They should only go as far as what's needed for the good of the public.  The word "reasonable" means that the decision was made with care and thought. It means choosing a path that makes sense. A law that unfairly or excessively limits someone's freedom is not "reasonable." It must find a good balance between individual freedom and the government's power to control things for the good of society.  The Court also stated that just because the lawmakers thought a restriction was reasonable doesn't make it so. The Supreme Court has the power to decide if the restrictions are truly reasonable according to the Constitution. If the Court thinks the restrictions are not reasonable, it can declare the law invalid.